Task 30 snapshot aanmaken popup menu (#91)
HANICA-DWA/sep2021-project-opossum: wcag-tool/chrome-extension/README.md

Use the following command to enable hot reloading  
`npm run dev`

## Package single-file

> Use once this to package single-file.

Reviewer: Wat bedoel je?

> Use once this to package single-file.
> Then use it to package single-file after every change to the single-file source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run this command to compile the `single-file` package. This needs to run ?before? every build. 
```

Reviewer: Verander de build script ook naar: `build: npm run single-file && webpack --config webpack/webpack.prod.js`
